.
- I'm naming you as my
custodian in the adoption.
If anything happens to me,
you're the one who's
gonna take care of Makayla.
- Yes, of course.
- His name is Darrell Miller.
- As in Deputy Miller?
- Her son.
- You just walked us
into a major drug operation.
- Kent Darby and Roy Walton.
- Roy tortured Darrell.
- Chicago P.D.!
- They were trafficking
underage kids.
They killed the girls.
We're not letting anything
get in our way.
- Up against the wall!
- Shut the city down.
- I'm en route
to my second location.
[suspenseful music]
♪
No! No!
[grunting]
- Hannah.
Kim.
Kim, come back.
Come back.
♪
50-21, I had a 10-1, 10-1.
4200 South Racine.
My partner, Officer
Kim Burgess, is missing.
There's blood,
signs of violence.
Squad standby.
- Stand by.
A 10-1 has been called.
All units, stay off the air.
Head over
to 4200 South Racine.
- No, no, no.
Oh, God.
Squad, roll every car
you've got.
I need this street blocked off.
I need an ambo here right now.
My partner is missing,
Officer Kim Burgess.
My partner is missing.
Kim.
- Cars are one block out.
- Talk to me, Ruzek,
what's going on?
- Sarge, Kim's car is here.
She is not.
I think somebody grabbed her.
I need the team here now.
- Copy that.
We're on our way.
Row house is clear.
I checked the gangways.
There's nothing except
for blood smears.
I'm guessing they dragged her
towards the back,
had a car waiting.
- All right, just show us
what you saw first.
- All of her gear.
Her vest, everything. Her gun.
I mean, she would've
never taken that off,
not without a struggle.
♪
- There's not enough blood
for a major injury.
If she were dead,
they would've left the body.
- Well start knock and talks,
pull cameras quick.
- Good. Move.
- Boss, this is one
of Roy's LKAs.
I mean, he has
to be involved, right?
He and Kent,
they gotta have her.
They drug her back here, had a
car waiting, shoved her inside.
- So let's get some people
down here to help find her.
Call Trudy,
have her initiate a Plan IV.
Kev?
- Yeah.
I want a full perimeter formed,
Burgess' items
bagged and tagged.
Get forensic scrubbing.
Let's go.
- Okay.
[dramatic music]
♪
[tense music]
[door slams]
- [gasping]
[both grunting]
- Kent, I'm telling you,
we can work this out, okay?
Listen to me. Listen to me.
I know you didn't
kill those girls.
- Shut up! Shut up!
- Come on. Kent.
I know you didn't
kill those girls or Darrell.
That was your boss.
That was Roy.
So just--
We can make it.
We can make this all fine.
Just fine, but--no!
No!
[grunts]
[groaning]
- God, you stupid bitch.
[indistinct chatter]
- Hey, any witnesses?
- No, not yet, but we've
still got a block to go.
- No cams either.
- Jesus.
- Closest POD
is three blocks out.
- How is this happening?
What is happening right now?
- All right,
one thing at a time.
Let's work these houses, okay?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Hey. I got a hit on a POD.
Buick Park Avenue.
It's the only car that
matches our exact timeline.
Car might be hot.
It's not from the area.
Could be our guy.
- Let's go.
All right, car is registered
to a Myra Birkin.
She's 92 years old.
Betting it's stolen.
- All right, put it up top.
Time stamp?
- Eight minutes
after Burgess radioed,
two minutes
before Ruzek arrives.
- Zoom in.
[suspenseful music]
- There's not enough
for facial rec.
- No. Clearly male, white.
Could be Kent, could be Roy.
I don't know.
The backseat.
- No.
- All right, follow that car.
Get out an all call,
trace the theft.
Find the link to our offenders.
Pull it all, now.
Come on, let's keep moving.
- Kent. Look at me.
You call Roy.
You call him,
you know he's gonna kill me.
You call him, that's like
pulling the trigger yourself.
Listen to me, please.
Listen to me, okay?
It's a line you can't uncross.
You're gonna live with that
the rest of your life.
- Why are you saying all this?
You don't know me.
- I think you're
a decent person Kent.
I do, I think you're a decent--
- I'm really not.
I crossed the line
you can't uncross
a long time ago. - I don't
believe that.
- And like it or not,
I'm already
on the other side,
and once you're there,
once you're really there...
There's no going back.
- I don't think
you're on the other side, Kent.
Kent, listen to me.
- Even if you want to.
♪
- [gasps]
[groans]
[whimpers]
Roy. I've got a problem.
- Hank, I'm here
until we find her.
- Thanks, Trudy.
All right, talk to me.
- Buick Park Avenue
was caught by two other cameras
heading east, then we lost it.
- Okay.
- Area has access to I-90,
94, 290, and the 55.
- State troopers looped in?
- Yeah, they're still
monitoring toll booths,
and they're sending
over cam footage,
but it's gonna be a lot.
Within 30 seconds you could be
on multiple interstates,
dozens of exits.
- Hey, anything on the
auto theft angle?
- Yeah, I got in contact
with Ms. Myra.
She didn't even know
it was stolen,
doesn't even drive it anymore.
The car's been parked
on an open access street
since February.
- [sighs]
And Patrol?
- Nothing
from the knock-and-talks.
They're holding the perimeter
till my say so.
- Well, we can let that go too.
- Sarge, wait, what?
- Look, they're not gonna
bring her back to that house.
That much we do know, right?
We gotta move smart,
you understand?
We don't have time
to sort through
thousands of miles of footage.
Let CPIC take that haystack.
I want us focusing
on Roy and Kent.
Where the hell
would they take her?
All right, let's get to it.
♪
[garage door clattering]
- Roy.
- No, no, please,
I have a daughter!
.
- We've got nothing else
on Kent.
We hit everything
he's connected to,
but there's a house
in Brighton Park
that belongs to a Tim Grady.
We believe that
to be Roy's uncle.
All the paperwork is fake,
and every utility
is in his name.
- The place is two miles
from where the Buick was
last clocked on the street cam.
- Okay, that's something.
Let's hit it.
- We're working on the warrant.
- No, we're good. Let's go.
- Sarge.
We're gonna need proof.
- We are not wasting time,
not again.
[suspenseful music]
We got that Buick
on surveillance
in proximity of the dwelling.
That's all the proof I need.
Now let's roll.
Now.
- We got no Buick
out here, Sarge.
- Kevin and I
will announce our office--
- We're not knocking, Jay.
- You have no right
to hit this door.
- Gun!
- Take the back.
Tim Grady! Chicago PD.
You put your hands up.
- What the hell?
You got no right
coming in here.
- Where's your nephew, Roy?
- Where's your warrant?
- Here's your warrant.
Where is he?
- This is a takeout menu.
- Where is he?
- Get the hell out of my house.
- When was the last time
you saw Roy?
- I ain't talking to you.
- I am not here to debate
with you, you understand me?
- What the hell are you doing?
- Back up, Kev!
- Take the gun off him, Ruz.
- Ruz. Come on, man.
- You wanna get rolled up
in Roy's crimes?
- I don't know what he's done.
- He murdered a college kid,
three teenage girls,
14, 15 years old.
Girls he was pimping out.
You want to do time for someone
who's selling little girls,
are you really that stupid?
- All right!
- Ruz!
- Whoa, whoa!
- Take it easy!
Okay.
He was here a couple hours ago.
Asked to borrow my car.
It's an old Pontiac, 2005.
- Was he alone?
- Yeah.
[tense music]
- Appreciate that, sir.
What color is the Pontiac?
- Silver.
- We believe
the wanted offenders
are now driving
a late model silver Pontiac.
- Yo, Ruz.
- I don't want to do this,
Kev, not right now.
- Neither do I, but somebody's
got to say something
if we're gonna be
kicking in doors
and yelling "gun"
if there's not a gun.
- Kevin, please,
I don't want to do this.
- We didn't even know if Roy
was actually in that house,
we had no clue.
So that's what we doing,
just making it up as we go?
- You got a better idea?
Or are you just
preaching to preach?
Come on, let's go, man.
- Hey, I'm just trying
to help, man.
- Help save Kim
or help save the world?
- You got no right
to talk to me like that,
not after what just happened
in that house.
You just put a gun
to a man's head.
- Hey, we just got a hit
on the Pontiac.
Let's go.
- You guys Intelligence?
- Yeah.
- Hey, the marine unit
is on its way.
Car down there
is stuck in the mud.
All right--hey!
[intense music]
Kim!
- The door's locked, man.
- You got it?
- I got it, Ruz.
- There's no latch, Jay.
Come on, man!
- I got it.
♪
- [groans]
[groans]
[gasping]
.
- You guys got anything?
Devices, receipts, anything?
- Got a jacket and shoes.
- All right, well,
you check under the seats,
glove compartment,
the center console.
There's gotta be something
in there somewhere.
- Got a phone.
- Run it over to CPIC now.
- Yeah, copy.
- Thank you.
[tense music]
♪
- [groaning]
- Still nothing on the Buick.
They must be changing cars
and dumping them.
- They dumped the Pontiac
in the river
to hide all the evidence,
so whatever it was that
was on those shoes
or clothes is gone now.
- Provider gave us
everything they could.
The burner belongs to Roy.
It's been off for hours.
Last tower it pinged
was downtown Madison and State.
Last phone call
was from another burner.
That phone's off now too.
So in the past two days,
Roy's called 23 people,
sent 9 texts.
That's 32 phone numbers,
33 if we count the last burner.
- Any of those tower dumps
match where Burgess was
abducted?
- No, but these guys are smart
betting that the phone's off.
- How many numbers
identified as a burner?
- Uh, 12.
The other 21 are registered.
So we get names, LKAs,
criminal history.
- That's a lot
of addresses to chase.
- Right--we just gotta prove
the culpability,
and then we get
all those warrants
and all the tower data
from the--
- We don't have time
for all that.
We split up the names,
four apiece.
- And then what?
We're just gonna
the clock up doing
knock-and-talks,
and if they don't wanna
cooperate, we gotta walk away.
We have no ability to go inside
and do a search.
- No, Jay's right.
We gotta do more digging.
We gotta narrow that list down
to those who are dirty
enough to help Roy.
- Sarge, I'm sorry.
We do not have time.
We gotta go
with what we've got.
Any one of these people
could know where Roy is,
where Kent is, where Kim is.
So we chase these addresses,
chase these names,
and do what we've gotta do,
right?
- I get it, Adam, I do,
but we gotta be smart.
We've gotta sort through
the facts, find the lead,
then we do what we gotta do.
So let's get to work.
Get those IDs, run the names,
and narrow down that list.
- Are you kidding me?
What are we doing?
Boss, these guys shot
three kids like it was nothing.
They tortured
the deputy supe's son.
I mean, what do you think
they're doing to Kim right now?
- No one's saying we're not
gonna do what's needed--
- No, we waste time
with all this homework,
Kim's gonna be dead, man.
- Adam. This is not helping.
You are not helping,
you understand me?
So go.
Just take a walk,
get your head straight.
- Boss.
- Get your head straight. Now.
Now.
- All right.
All right, let's get to work.
[tense music]
- Ruz. You okay?
Voight's not wrong.
If we gonna find Burgess,
we gotta do it right.
We gotta be smart.
We can't be running around
hitting doors, man.
- Yeah, why, are you worried
they'll revoke your woke card?
- Why the hell are you
even going down that road?
Burgess is missing.
- I know.
So who cares
about right and wrong?
Who cares about reform?
We need to find her now.
- That's exactly what we're
doing.
- No, that is not
what we are doing.
That's not what you're doing,
that's not what they're doing.
I can't get ten words out
without somebody finding
some sort of problem,
wanting a warrant,
wanting to politely knock
on some punk's door.
- I'm sorry, that's the law.
- Ha. Yeah, the law.
Here we go.
- Come on, man.
We all wanna find her.
But you don't get to change the
rules just because it's Kim.
- I most certainly can.
I can,
precisely because it is Kim.
And if you can't
understand that because you're
too busy checking boxes,
kissing ass,
then I don't know
what to say to you.
- Watch yourself.
- Kev, I know
that we don't agree
on everything,
but I would think
in this situation, right now,
with Kim missing, you could put
all that other crap aside.
See that this is
a different situation.
Take a day off
from being a proud reformist.
Oh, don't step to me!
[intense music]
♪
- Hey! Stop!
- What the hell are you doing?
- Stop!
Stop it! Calm down!
Calm down! Stop!
Enough! Enough!
We are not doing this!
- Someone we love is missing.
Every second we waste on this
is a second
we're not focused on her.
[dramatic music]
♪
.
- I just want her back.
I don't know
why that's such a radical idea.
- I get it, but we can't run
around the city
acting like a bunch
of cowboys right now.
It's a waste of time.
Look, I hope and pray that we
find her and that she's okay.
But if we don't,
if the worst-case scenario
actually plays out...
You need to be there
for Makayla.
You're her guardian.
You took that pledge.
[solemn music]
That little girl
is gonna need you,
so you can't go running around,
acting crazy, crossing lines.
One wrong move and you could be
out of a job or worse.
♪
- Thank you.
- Come on.
That worst-case scenario,
it's not gonna happen.
It's just not.
- [groans]
[tense music]
♪
[solemn music]
- Don't die.
Don't die.
[tense music]
♪
- Where are we at
with Roy's burner?
- We're still waiting
on cell tower dumps,
but we narrowed it down
to a list of names of people
who live alone
and have a criminal history.
- How many?
- Nine.
- All right,
so we're down to nine.
- But the other angle
is the Buick.
CPIC is going through every
interstate camera possible.
The car hasn't shown up
torched,
and we're still waiting
on that BOLO.
- There's no way in the world
they're driving this car around
magically avoiding
surveillance cams.
- Right, so the cars gotta be
out there somewhere.
If we find it,
there's gonna be evidence,
maybe even cams
at the location.
- I agree, but we still
gotta find it, Jay.
- I know that, but it might be
a better use of our time
chasing the Buick than doing
slow knock-and-talks
without warrants.
- Well why don't we chase both?
- I've got 20 patrol officers
on standby.
- Good.
Have them work
with Jay and Kevin.
They can scour PODs
and surveillance cameras,
find that Buick.
Meantime, you two are with me.
We're gonna split up
these nine names,
start knocking and talking.
Let's go.
[suspenseful music]
♪
- Chicago PD.
Anybody home?
Hailey, you got anything?
- Nothing.
- Place is vacant.
Son of a bitch.
- Okay, oh for one.
Let's move.
- It's already almost 5:00.
- So?
- Makayla's babysitter
leaves at 6:00.
- Oh.
Do you have her number?
- I don't even know her name.
All right, three more houses.
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
[tense music]
♪
- Where are you going?
- What the hell is this?
- Where's Roy Walton?
- What?
- Roy Walton.
Where is he?
- He's not here.
He hasn't been here for weeks.
- That's not good enough.
- I don't know where he is.
- Look, he's been
talking to you.
So when he's feeling heat,
when he wants to disappear,
where does he go?
- I don't know.
- I'm asking one last time.
And you are gonna tell me
what you know.
Because if you don't...
♪
- Nothing.
It doesn't make any sense.
CPIC searched every
interstate POD for that Buick,
and all they have are the two
surveillance hits
that we already had.
- And we have
Patrol everywhere,
monitoring all tolls.
But if they knew that,
then the smart move
would be to stay away
from the interstates.
- And get off
the damn streets all together.
- And if they got
off the streets,
that's why we can't
find them on a cam.
- I bet they dumped the car
near the last surveillance hit.
- Possible.
We could try a foot grid.
It would have to be
really wide,
account for all
the blind spots.
We'd need a lot of cops
and a lot of time.
- Thats all we've got,
so let's do it.
- Yeah.
- Let's do it.
- I haven't seen Roy
in five years.
- He called you last week.
We have records.
- Yeah. My father just passed.
Talked for one minute.
I know who Roy is.
I want nothing to do with him.
- Do you mind if we come inside
and take a peek?
- Help yourself.
- How can these guys
just disappear?
That's four houses and nothing.
- The first house is vacant,
the next three are owned
by legitimate citizens.
It's--
- What?
- It's almost like Voight
cherry-picked the leads.
He took the addresses
that actually matter.
- ♪ Tombstone shadow
[Creedence Clearwater Revival's
"Tombstone Shadow" playing]
♪ Stretching across my path
♪
♪ Tombstone shadow
♪ Stretching across my path
♪ Every time I get
some good news, oh ♪
♪ Ooh, there's a shadow
on my back ♪
♪
♪ Saw the gypsy man
♪ Way down in San Berdoo
♪
♪ Said I saw the gypsy man
♪ Way down in San Berdoo
♪ Five dollars on--
[tense music]
- Hey, Roy.
♪
No, you ain't
getting out that back door.
I jammed it up
from the other side.
You're stuck right here
with me, just the two of us.
Me and you.
Now you're gonna tell me
where Officer Kim Burgess is.
- Kiss my ass.
♪
.
- Voight's phone is off.
- Yeah, he's not answering
his radio, either.
It's almost 6:00, Adam.
- How is this helping?
We're wasting time.
We need the real leads.
We need to find Voight.
- I agree, but you can't come.
- Don't be ridiculous.
Come on, let's go.
- You need to go be
with Makayla.
- I need to find Kim!
- You need to let us
focus on that.
And you need to go
be with Makayla.
Adam, look how scared
you are right now.
Think about how scared
Makayla's gonna be.
She needs you. You gotta go.
[solemn music]
- I can't just give up.
I mean--
- You're not giving up, man.
You're doing what Kim
would want you to do.
We are not gonna stop.
We are gonna hit every house,
we are gonna chase
every lead until we find her.
I promise.
You've gotta go.
♪
[tense music]
- Where's Kim Burgess?
Is she alive?
Tell me!
- Jay, anything?
- Not yet.
We're doing a foot grid
in a two-mile radius
from the last POD
that clocked the Buick.
It'll take time.
- Yeah, okay. Copy that.
[suspenseful music]
♪
- No, no.
- Sit down.
- I told that other guy
everything, okay?
Everything.
- All right.
Tell me what you told him.
♪
- I'm never gonna talk.
Never.
- Yeah, we'll see about that.
We got all day, Roy.
- I still ain't gonna do
no talking,
so that won't do no good.
Or help the lady cop.
Or her daughter.
- There's nothing east.
- Nothing west.
- Let's keep moving.
- Murphy,
meet me on the corner.
- Keep going!
When the real cops see my face,
they're gonna let me go.
- Sarge.
- Hailey, what are you
doing here?
- Did he tell you where she is?
- No.
Jay and the others,
did they find anything?
- No.
[tense music]
♪
- Jay.
Check that out.
- Kev, you see that?
Hazard lights.
- 50-21, George, I got
a possible on the Buick.
It's a junkyard.
47th and Pershing.
I need some cars.
- 50-21, George.
Units en route.
- You're gonna tell me
where Kim Burgess is.
[intense music]
- Kim? Kim!
- Stop.
- Tell me!
- We're here.
If you can hear me, we're here.
- She's been shot.
Kev, she's got a pulse.
It's shallow,
but she's got one.
♪
I've got keys here.
If this starts, we're going.
- You're gonna tell me.
Tell me!
- Sarge, stop!
[engine turns over]
- Come on!
- 50-21, David, emergency 10-1.
- Tell me!
- We've recovered our officer.
En route.
- They found her.
Sarge, they found her!
- We have an officer down.
Detail initiated immediately.
Offender dead in the warehouse.
- Get these streets shut down.
We don't have emergency lights.
We're in the Buick.
- Let's go.
- We got you. We got you.
♪
- Is she alive?
- Jay, is she okay?
- She's got a pulse.
It's shallow.
[siren wailing]
- We're taking her to Med now.
- She was shot twice,
center mass.
One round is through
and through.
The other one never exited.
She's bleeding.
She's been bleeding
the whole time.
- No, no, no, no! No!
- Hailey.
Hailey, get your hands
off of me.
- Just back up. Back up, Sarge.
We found her.
It's over now. It's over now.
All right?
Let's--let's not do this.
We are not gonna be this.
It's not who we are.
- Who we are?
Are you kidding me? Who we are?
I mean, what did you think
we were gonna do, huh?
What, you want me
to bring him down
to the district, arrest him?
Should I call Internal Affairs,
the mayor?
[solemn music]
Hailey.
Hailey, I didn't want you
to come here.
I didn't tell you to come here.
- I wanted to come here.
I wanted to find Kim.
And we did.
Not because of this,
but we did.
- Hailey.
Hailey, you need to go.
- No. I'm here.
What, are you going
to kill him?
That's what you're
telling me right now?
- I'm telling you to get
the hell out of here.
- No.
We're bringing him in, Sarge.
- Did you see him?
No, go ahead.
Take a look at him.
Go ahead. Look at him.
Okay?
Hailey. Listen to me.
I never called that in.
There's no record of me
being here.
- We'll bring him in anyway.
It's the right thing to do.
- The right thing?
Are you kidding me?
You wanna talk
about the right thing?
Hailey, if you wanted
to be more,
you should've thought of that
before you came here.
Hm?
I mean, just because
your stomach can't handle it
'cause you're scared,
it doesn't change the reality.
You're here now,
and you knew exactly what
to expect when you came here.
You wanted it, didn't you?
Now you know. Now you know.
This is what it feels like.
- We're bringing him in.
- We can't, Hailey.
- After everything that
you have spat at me,
that I can't handle it,
that I'm not gonna be able
to sleep at night,
that I'm not you,
you're right, Sarge.
I'm not you.
But I am here now,
and there's no going back.
So you go cross whatever line
you're gonna cross,
but you remember that you are
dragging me
to the other side with you.
He's still alive.
There's still a way
out of this.
We come up with a story,
a good story.
He ran, he grabbed a weapon.
We sell it up the chain.
Please.
[tense music]
♪
- Okay.
Okay, we'll bring him in.
Hmm.
[solemn music]
♪
Hey!
- Drop your weapon!
Drop your weapon now!
Drop his weapon!
Drop it, Roy! Roy, drop it!
[disquieting music]
♪
- Hailey. No, no, no!
Do not touch him. Don't touch.
- He was gonna shoot you.
- Yes.
I saw he had your gun,
and I--I saw--
- Yes. Hailey.
Hailey, yes.
Hailey, you did
the right thing.
[solemn music]
♪
You gotta go home now.
I got this.
Go home.
♪
- Just give me one second.
There you go, kiddo.
She's there?
- Yeah, they're with her
right now.
I'm staying on the phone.
I'm not going anywhere.
- Appreciate you, bro.
♪
[machinery beeping]
- She's lost a lot of blood,
uh, but she's fighting.
♪
- [grunts]
[disquieting music]
♪
- Hey, I thought you were
meeting me at the hospital?
- Yeah, I am.
How's she doing?
- She's still in surgery,
so we're not gonna know more
until she's out,
but you know, Burgess is tough.
She's strong as hell.
She's been through the worst,
and she's made her way back.
Did you and Voight
find any leads?
You okay?
[soft sentimental music]
- All right, well,
Will's meeting us there,
so we should get going.
- I love you, Jay.
- I love you too.
- You're just so decent,
and I just--
- Hey, hey.
It's okay.
We're gonna be okay.
- I don't wanna be
without you.
- You're not gonna be.
- Maybe we should get married.
I'm serious. Let's get married.
♪
[disquieting music]
[dramatic music]
♪
[wolf howls]